Codepen Link - https://codepen.io/nicholasbus/full/jOMeaEv

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
        Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to further add meaning to the web page and elements that make up the web page.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to create the basis for web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute is a special flag inside of a tag used to include information that is not meant to be rendered on the page.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used for a header or a title. You should only use h1 once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The a tag and the img tag. 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        In the head of the HTML document you put meta data, the title of the page, and link to external style sheets.

    7. What is an id? 
        An ID is a css selector that can only be applied to one element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        You can add an id to any element as long as the ID is unique.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        You can only use the same id once on a page.

    10. What is a class? 
        A class is a css selector that can be applied to many elements. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        You can add a class to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        You can use the same class as many times as you want on a page. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Set the target attribute to _blank (target"_blank").

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        The alt attribute is used to give a description of the image just in case the image does not load and also so screen readers can read it.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        You reference an id with the # sign. (#idName)

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        The difference between a section and a div is the name of the elements. a section is semantic and a div is not.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to style HTML elements.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        You can select an element by referencing the tag name. Every h2 on the page would be 'h2'.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        The difference between a class and an id is a class can be used on multiple elements and an id can be only used on one.
        An example of when you would use a class is when you need to apply the same styles to multiple elements.
        An example of when you would use an id is when you only want a single element to have certain styles.    

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        You can select classes in CSS by putting a period in front of the class name. (.classname)

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        You can select a p element with a single class of “human”” by writing p.human. or you could just write .human.

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent child selector is when you select all elements that are nested within another element.
        This could be useful if you were trying to style all <li>'s withing a <ul> or all elements nested within a div.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        You can select all links within a div with the class of sidebar by writing:
            div.sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector is used to define a special state of an element such as the hover state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        To change the spacing between lines you can use the lineheight CSS property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        To change the spacing between letters you can use the letter-spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        To change everything to capitals you can use text-transform: uppercase;. to change to lowercase you use text-transform: lowercase;.
        To change to Capitalize you use text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        use the * selector.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        use the pwd command.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        use the ls command.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        use the rm command. Be careful because you can't get the file back.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        You should use version control in order to keep track of changes you or someone else has made and it is useful in case you need to roll back to a previous version.
        It is also useful to make branches when working on teams.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        You should commit to github every time you make big changes to something or everytime you turn in an assignment.
        commit often so you have less chance of losing work.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin <branch-name>

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        First fork the repo you want to work on.
        Second clone your fork to your local machine.
        Third make a branch for yourself.
        Fourth make changes to whatever files you need.
        Fifth stage the files/changes with git add.
        Sixth commit the changes with a helpful message.
        Seventh push the changes up to github.
        Eighth make a pull request and compare against your own master branch.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        An inline element allows other inline elements to sit next to it and a block level element requires its own line to sit on.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
        The element does not move with the viewport.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 


    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        inline: img, span, input.
        block: p, div, ul.
        inline-block: button

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 